General Director Shen
Your ability to drink is not good.
Why drink two drinks and fall down?
You drink first.
I'll go out first.
When I came home, there was only Zhang Liao apart from the three of us.
hic
General manager, your ceiling is so beautiful.
You're hungry and you don't have a choice.
And his phone call.
You obviously know I'm home.
Why pretend not to know?
He's going to tell the killer.
According to the Van Hai project, the previous profit was several hundred million.
The future is even more envious.
So the killer who killed you today is most likely your competitor.
It can also be your partner.
You're right.
The killer can also be with you.
Happy Birthday to General Director Shen
Shen Lang is your birthday today.
You said how mysterious Vice President Chen is today ha ha
Mr. Shen Lang's birthday
Then we have to drink more.
First of all, let's toast to Mr. Shen Lang, happy birthday, happy birthday.
Zoe, you let me out.